The reading in Wikibooks was very thorough I thought.  I learned things about the compilation process I never knew before.  I didnt see anything out of place in the book, and all the information we were assigned seemed correct.  This was a good reference while I was working on the lab.  I usually use cplusplus.com's documentation for more advanced code oriented quiestions I have, but I found a combination of these two to be very helpful.  I liked how this lab was all in the main.cpp file as an introduction to pointers.  It kept everything in one place so I could watch how the program executes in the debugger without switching to other .cpp files.  I like how this lab did not necessarly require too much knowledge of memory management and pass by reference, yet it showed how it was supposed to work in the tester methods you wrote.  Students will be able to use the debugger to see how these operations are supposed to perform without having to figure it out for themselves.

Questions:
Will you go over some std::string documentation and basic output to the console? I feel like this lab uses a lot of that.  Your instructions in the code were very thorough and easy to follow for me, and the link you posted to cplusplus.com for strings will be very helpful to students.  I do not have any more specific questions about this lab, it was very straight forward!

Suggestions:
Dr. Simko made us use c-style string operations for one of our projects, forcing us to deal with strings as an array of char's, and perform basic operations on them.  Your defix() method is the type of manipulation we were working with.  I suggest maybe incorporating another method or two like this in this program, as understanding how basic string operations work really helped me when we got to more difficult array operations.

The reading and HW took me around 9 hours to complete.  The program was simple for me, taking a max of 2 hours out of that 9 to write and test, but I can imagine students unfamilliar with visual studio may take longer to complete this part.  They will want to spend more time in debug mode to watch how the pointers interact etc.